[yells]
[line creaks]
- Come on!
- Okay!
[peaceful music playing]
Eh?
Uh...
Huh?
Thank you, Master Naofumi.
Don’t mention it.
We need to get out of here now,
before somebody
starts coming after us.
[footsteps crunching]
[Kizuna] So this is
a countdown to the waves?
It says 10 more days.
That’s not enough time.
And just when
we’ve finally managed
to make it to the other world,
Filo’s still
nowhere close to us.
We’ve got a whole lot
more ground to cover.
Filo...
I know! You can start
by heading to Sikul,
the country that summoned me.
I promise it’s safer
than this place.
[Naofumi] All right, then.
How far away is Sikul?
Uh, I think
about a week on foot.
That sounds kinda far.
We would
probably have to go through
a bunch of checkpoints too
and cross a few country borders.
Out of the question.
Do you happen to have
a portal skill?
Sure do.
It’s called Return Codex.
But since I don’t have
the tool I need for it,
I can’t use it
for the time being.
Okay, then what do we do?
You must have some idea
if you suggested this plan.
Of course!
We’ll head to this country’s
capital, Mikakage.
[Raphtalia] Huh?
Isn’t Mikakage the capital
of the country
that locked you up?
[Kizuna] We won’t
be staying long,
’cause we’re gonna use
the dragon hourglass
inside the capital
to warp to Sikul.
They have a dragon hourglass?
[gasps] Your world has
dragon hourglasses too?
Yeah, but we can’t use them
to warp, though.
I see.
So our worlds are different.
We call it Return Dragon Vein,
but the Cardinal Heroes
and Vassal Weapon Heroes
are the only ones
who can use it.
I see.
If we make our way
to the hourglass
and use its power
to warp to Sikul,
there’s no way for them
to follow us through?
That’s right!
So, um, how far is the capital?
It’s closer, but still
two or three days away.
We can use those days
to level and buy weapons.
Hopefully by then,
we’re strong enough
to storm
the enemy headquarters.
Oh, I almost forgot.
There are checkpoints
throughout the road
leading to the capital,
so we’re gonna
have to buy a pass.
[sighs]
Even though we’re
in another world,
I’m still a traveling merchant.
[Naofumi] This country is
certainly Asian-looking.
[Kizuna] I know, right?
But some of the other countries
look European.
What is "Asian"?
And what’s a "European?"
[Naofumi] Their clothes
are all Japanese,
but the people are
all different races.
[Kizuna] Those are
the grass people,
commonly referred to as Grass.
They’re actually demi-humans,
like Raphtalia.
They look more like elves
than demi-humans.
What are elves?
[Kizuna] Over there
are the jewel people,
who are often called Jewels.
They’re the same race
as Therese.
[Naofumi] Therese was
a different race too?
What’s up with them?
Are they ghosts?
[Kizuna] Not quite. Those are
the spirit people, like Glass.
[Rishia] Spirit people?
But some countries
just call them Spirits.
You mean Glass is a Spirit?
[Kizuna] Other races
have life or magic power,
while vassal weapon users
have soul power,
but Spirits have
only their energy level.
That would explain
why my Soul Eater Shield
did so much damage.
Huh? What makes them unique
is that since they
are dependent on energy,
they don’t level up like we do.
Huh? They can’t level up?
However, Spirits with lots
of energy are very powerful.
And because their bodies
are ethereal,
normal attacks don’t hurt them.
Oh. No wonder Glass
was so strong when we fought.
But they have a weakness.
Unlike other races,
their energy is only able
to recover naturally.
So healing magic and items
don’t have an effect?
Nope. Compared to humans
and other races,
Spirits aren’t nearly
as proficient at magic.
- [Raphtalia] Master Naofumi.
- Eh?
- [crowd murmuring]
- [Kizuna] What’s this?
"We suspect that
neighboring countries
are developing new weapons.
They’re breeding
powerful monsters."
[Rishia] Using monsters
as a weapon?
[Kizuna] They’re also trying
to research
teleportation technology
using the skills of
the Cardinal and vassal weapons.
Sounds like
they’re trying to recreate
the abilities of the heroes.
[grumbles]
Whether that’s true or not,
one thing for certain is
they don’t know about us yet.
I’d try not to jinx it
if I were you.
There is a lot of concerning
stuff written here, though.
Well, I wouldn’t be surprised
if most of it is gossip.
[stomach grumbles]
[gasps]
We should try
to make enough money
to pay for food and shelter
tonight, shouldn’t we?
You’re right.
Oh! That shouldn’t be a problem.
I can just sell some drop items
that I don’t need.
[relaxing music playing]
[Naofumi] It looks
like old Japanese currency.
Oh, the copper doumon?
Now that you mention it,
they do, don’t they?
One hundred
is one silver gyokugin,
and 100 gyokugin
is one gold kinban.
If doumon are anything
like the coppers in my world,
then we’re broke here.
We’re gonna need
more money than this.
Well, I’m all
for getting more money.
You got any get-rich-quick
schemes up your sleeve?
Funny you ask,
because I just might.
I think
this should do the trick.
[Kizuna] What’s that?
[Naofumi] A soul soothing
potion that recovers SP.
[Kizuna] "SP"?
As in "soul power"?
Back when I
fought against Glass,
L’Arc gave her one of these,
and she became stronger,
so much so, it felt like she
gained a second wind midfight.
Huh.
No way! Spirits would be willing
to pay a fortune
for something like that.
I figured as much.
Let’s sell it, then.
B-But that item’s practically
unknown in this world.
You really think we can find
someone who’d buy it from us?
You underestimate my skill.
Get ready for a busy day of
selling and leveling tomorrow.
Like old times,
right, Raphtalia?
[sighing]
[Naofumi] Raph--Uh...
[Raphtalia murmuring]
You okay?
[gasps] Oh, yeah!
I was just thinking
Rishia’s food looked good too.
Here. Take some.
After all, young demi-humans
need to eat a lot to grow,
isn’t that right?
That’s not true--
Well, it is true,
but I don’t want it to be.
- [groans]
- [Kizuna and Rishia laugh]
[Naofumi]
Come one! Come all!
Feast your eyes
on the exquisite wares
I’ve brought
from all around the land,
like this rare
soul soothing potion,
a medicine thought
to be a myth until now!
You there, Spirits!
Look here!
This is just the thing for you.
[Raphtalia]
Come right this way, everyone!
Our samples are free of charge,
so why not try it out?
[crowd murmuring]
[Kizuna] They sure know
how to put on a performance.
[Rishia] I was shocked
the first time
I saw them do this too.
[gasps] I’ve never seen
anything like this!
I can’t believe
I’m saying this,
but my power’s coming back.
Sell it to me!
I’ll pay any price,
- Just give it to me!
- Wait!
- Save some for me!
- Me too!
[Naofumi] There’s no need
to panic, everyone!
I promise
I’ll be back tomorrow!
But like I said,
it’s a rare item
that’s hard to come by,
so I don’t have many left,
so tomorrow I’ll be putting
the rest up for auction!
- [murmuring]
- An auction?
[Spirit] I’ll be back tomorrow.
[Naofumi chuckles]
[Kizuna] You’re one hell
of a salesman, Naofumi.
[birds chirping]
[Kizuna] See?
I can take down monsters easily.
But I’m not getting
any of the XP.
Maybe it’s because
we’re both Heroes?
Huh. Well, that’s odd.
Shoot.
This wouldn’t be an issue
if we could
just get XP from items.
Why don’t we try
swapping items with each other?
They might have
different effects on us
since they’re
from different worlds.
This item is called
an earth crystal.
Just by holding it,
your magic is restored.
[gasps]
Hey, wait. I just got 3,000 XP!
Eh?
Here. Try this.
It’s magic water.
Wha?!
I don’t think
it restored my magic,
but I got
weapon enhancement XP.
If those two gave us
different effects,
there’s no telling
what our other items might do.
We should try
as many as we can!
All right.
Ah!
[bidder] Two gyokugin!
[bidder 2] Three gyokugin
and 30 doumon!
Thirty gyokugin!
[crowd gasping]
- [Naofumi] We have 30 gyokugin!
- [Spirit] Thirty gyokugin?
[Naofumi] Thirty gyokugin!
Can anyone here top that?
[murmuring]
Nobody?
Then the first one
is sold for 30 gyokugin!
And now, for the next
soul soothing potion...
- [gasps]
- [glass shatters]
[crowd gasps]
[Spirit] Did she just
break all the bottles?!
Does she know
how valuable those were?
[Rishia whimpers]
[crying]
[Raphtalia] Wait!
One of them is still intact!
[Naofumi] What luck
that one remains!
But this is the last bottle,
so I’d bid on it if I were you!
- [crowd grumbles]
- [bidder 3 sighs]
The bidding starts
at one gyokugin!
[Kizuna] Wow!
That was so much fun!
I had no idea
you could sell things that way!
I’m sure it would’ve been more
fun if I didn’t get yelled at.
Sorry, Rishia,
but Naofumi told me
it would help us
sell them for more.
And thanks to your help,
it worked, Rishia.
You did good too, Raphtalia.
[giggles] Well, thank you!
[Kizuna] We’ve got
more than enough for a pass,
so let’s use the rest
to buy some weapons and armor
while we’re here.
Check it out!
You all look great.
[Naofumi] Are you sure
you don’t need any new items?
I’ll manage with what I’ve got.
But that haori of yours
is a total mess.
It is?
Well, Glass gave it to me,
so I wanted to keep it.
Oh. Sorry.
Just forget I said anything.
Master Naofumi,
what do you think about this?
Does it look good on me?
Yeah, it looks real good.
And you kinda look
like a ninja girl, Rishia.
What’s a ninja girl?
[gasps] Master Naofumi,
if you had to choose
between all of us,
who do you think
has the best outfit here?
That’s easy.
Since mine has
the highest defense stat here,
I think it’s obvious
which one is the best.
[all moan]
[Naofumi] All right, then.
Now that we’ve got armor
and money, we can buy that pass
and leave
first thing in the morning.
[merchant] Come and
take a look at our shop!
[crowd murmuring]
[Naofumi] Things really are
pretty lively in the capital.
[Kizuna] It was like this
before I was locked up too.
[breathing deeply]
[Naofumi]
Are you okay, Raphtalia?
I-I’m fine.
Just a little cold is all.
[Kizuna] It looks like
it might snow any second.
[Rishia] What’s a "snow"?
[wind blowing]
[Naofumi] Security’s tight.
[Kizuna] I hope
they didn’t find out
that I escaped
from the Infinite Labyrinth.
[Raphtalia] Whatever it is,
something is definitely wrong.
What’s going on here?
Don’t tell me
you haven’t heard about it.
Apparently a gifted mage
from another country
somehow developed a way
to use the Return Dragon Vein
when only Cardinal and
Vassal Weapon Heroes can.
[Naofumi sighs]
And they’re here now
to show off an experiment.
Looks like that news
wasn’t just gossip.
I’ve got a bad feeling
about this.
Master Naofumi, do you think
this gifted mage is...
Oh, no.
[grunts]
Am I missing something here?
[crowd gasping]
[crowd murmuring]
[Naofumi] Who the hell is he?
So he’s not the gifted mage
you were talking about?
No, he doesn’t look
anything like Kyo.
Kyo?
You are phenomenal, Kazuki.
We believed you could do it
from the very start, Kazuki.
[laughs] Of course I could.
I sincerely hope that when
it’s ready for mass adoption,
that you bring it to us first.
[Kazuki]
Perhaps I’ll think about it
once I’m sipping sake
and watching the snow fall.
[official] But of course.
We already have a room
prepared for you.
I guess he’s the one responsible
for security being so tight.
I’m still shocked
that it isn’t Kyo.
Looks like he’s
just as much of a jerk.
Who’s this Kyo
you’re talking about?
[sneezes]
- [sniffles]
- [sighs]
We should go find
an inn for the night.
[wind blowing]
[Kizuna] Whoa!
The snow’s piling up!
[laughs]
Aren’t you a little too old
to act like that?
You can never be too old
to play in the snow.
[sighs]
[laughs]
Oh, I got ya!
Oh, yay!
Let’s go!
[both laugh]
You too, Rishia?
Raphtalia, can you
please get them to behave?
[all laughing]
"Never too old," huh?
[chuckles]
[wind blowing]
[Kizuna] I almost regret
ever asking about this Kyo guy.
Based off of what you told me,
he sounds like
a total shithead.
Yes, he is, to be honest.
As one of this world’s
Cardinal Heroes,
I’d give just about anything
to pop that jerk in the face.
Unfortunately,
my weapon can’t hurt humans,
and you use a shield.
And sadly, Raphtalia and Rishia
can’t do much
at their current levels.
[both sigh]
Kizuna, how much time do
we have left before the Wave?
Mm, we have a little less
than six days left.
We need to hurry and find Filo,
then take down Kyo.
We can’t afford to waste
any more time here.
[Raphtalia]
Then why don’t we just go now?
I’m willing to bet it’s
not well guarded at this hour,
especially with this blizzard.
This might be
the best chance we get.
Raphtalia, you and Rishia
don’t have your levels back yet.
You’re nowhere near
being ready to fight humans.
I am your sword, Master Naofumi.
I may not be
my strongest right now,
but no matter
how low my level is,
I’ll protect you,
no matter what.
Raphtalia.
- [sizzling]
- Look down.
- Your dumplings are burnt.
- Eh?!
Oh, no!
- [gasps]
- [laughter]
[Kizuna] Aw,
you guys are so silly.
[groans]
Raphtalia, as the Shield Hero,
it’s my sole duty
to protect you.
Huh?
So when you’re fighting,
don’t worry.
I swear to protect
both of you with my life.
Okay!
I-I’ll try to do my best!
[Kizuna] It’s settled, then.
We go for it tonight.
- [wind blowing]
- [Kizuna] Listen, everyone.
Once we’re
inside of the building,
prioritize
getting to the hourglass
over everything else.
The second I touch
the dragon hourglass,
Return Dragon Vein
should activate.
Because you’re all
members of my party,
you’ll be able
to warp along with me.
But if you’re
too far away from me,
I don’t know what will happen.
Where are we supposed
to go from here, Kizuna?
- Here.
- [both gasp]
The hourglass
is on the other side.
- [gasps]
- Something’s not right.
[all gasp]
That’s them, the intruders!
Surround them!
It was a trap.
And we walked right into it.
No, did we really?
Just leave it to me!
Raphtalia!
Let’s go!
I guess we don’t have a choice!
[Rishia] We never have a choice!
- [grunts]
- [all gasp]
[Rishia] A-Another dead end?
Kizuna! We need you
to tell us where to go!
Well, I’m a little busy
over here!
What’s taking you so long?
Is that sword just for show?!
Sorta. Need I remind you
I can’t use it...
at least not to fight
against humans?
[guards] Hmm?
[guards yell]
That wasn’t so hard, was it?
[grunts]
[grumbles] Damn it!
Where are they?
Hold on! Wait for me!
Naofumi, we have to split up.
Wait, what?
We’re just dragging
the enemy around with us.
But we don’t know
where the hourglass is.
The hourglass has to be
at the center of the mansion,
so just keep heading that way.
And what do we do if we
run into another dead end?
If that happens, then just
do what I did back there.
Have it your way.
Let’s go then, Raphtalia!
Okay!
Now, Rishia, follow me.
All right!
[grunts]
Damn it! Another one?
[gasps] Air Strike Shield!
[all groan]
[grunting]
[yells]
- Master Naofumi!
- Right!
What’s up with that kid,
and why is she so strong?
Master Naofumi, look!
[Naofumi gasps]
Very good. Well done!
It’s a pleasure to meet the
buffoons who fell for my trap.
[both gasp]
[Kazuki] I deliberately
stationed fewer guards,
and you came rushing right in.
I guess Kyo was right
about you being an idiot.
So that’s it.
You work for Kyo, huh?
Well, that’s certainly
one way you could phrase it.
I prefer to be called
one of his business partners.
Let me guess. He became
your sponsor for the teleporter
in exchange
for having you catch us, right?
Something like that.
Whatever you did must have
seriously pissed him off.
He was practically
foaming at the mouth
just talking about it.
[chuckles] Knowing that
makes me feel
a little bit better about this.
But just a little bit, though.
I think I’m starting to see
why you pissed him off so much.
Wipe that smirk
off your face, prick.
It’s almost kinda sad, because
no matter how you look at it,
you’re just
a fake-ass wannabe Kyo!
Let me correct you about
something you said earlier.
I wasn’t merely told to catch
you and bring you back alive.
I was instructed
to capture you dead or alive.
[guards yell]
- [snickers]
- Meteor Shield!
- [guards yell]
- [gasps]
[explosion]
- Sorry we’re late.
- But we’re here now!
Kizuna, run for the hourglass!
You got it!
Stop the little girl!
Kill her if you have to!
Don’t call me little!
[yells]
- Eh?
- Huh?
You really did it, Kizuna!
Shit, this is bad.
Everyone, get as close
to the hourglass as you can!
[groans]
[both yelp]
Hmph.
Here goes. Return Dragon Vein!
[dramatic music playing]
- [music fades]
- [Raphtalia] Huh?
What’s wrong?
Raphtalia?
[man laughing]
That voice, it’s...
Kyo!
[Kyo] That’s right!
How ya doin’, Shield Dumbass?
I’ve been waiting
for this moment,
- this awesome, awesome moment!
- Master Naofumi!
[Kazuki chuckles]
Kizuna, you have
to call off the warp!
I can’t! Once it starts,
I’m unable to stop it!
- [gasps]
- [Kyo] She’s right, you know.
Why do you think I sent you
into the Infinite Labyrinth
in the first place?
Why do you think I let you
keep the raccoon demi-human?
Why? Why?! Why?!
So this was your goal
from the start.
Yup! And it was all to see
that dumb look on your face,
a face twisted with rage
and mangled in despair!
Bastard!
Oh, this is exactly
what I wanted to see!
Now that you’ve had
your laugh, Kyo,
he insulted me, therefore
he’s mine for the killing!
[grunts]
Get out of the way,
or I’ll cut your head off.
[Kyo] No, you won’t.
I need her intact,
because I’m taking
the little one
back to my lab for experiments.
No, you’re not! Raphtalia!
- [energy chimes]
- [gasps]
[Raphtalia] Go, Master Naofumi.
Raphtalia, what are you...
I thought
that after I became small,
I couldn’t help you anymore,
but I was kind of happy.
[gasps]
I got to have you
pat me on the head
and carry me,
like when we first met.
No matter what might happen,
I will always be your sword.
Raphtalia...
- [whooshing]
- [gasps]
[yells]
[Kyo laughs] Help!
I’m dying!
I’m dying of laughter!
- [laughing]
- Raphtalia!